---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: A little about where I have worked over this past 5 years
datePublished: '2016-01-29T11:25:12.574Z'
dateModified: '2016-01-29T11:25:09.393Z'
title: Experience
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-01-28-59628842-16cc-4cdf-8eb0-89cda6f6e875.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: 59628842-16cc-4cdf-8eb0-89cda6f6e875/index.html
_type: Article

---
I have worked in many great studios over the past 6 years with a lot of talented people who have both helped me and allowed me to help them in return with two common goals.   
1) To achieve great work for our clients.  
2)To make ourselves better designers .

My last two years in Scotland have been freelance before that in Belfast I had permanent roles.

**Sapient Nitro (Lead Designer) May 2015 - March 2016**

I was responsible for providing all the visual input to a number of software products for Natwest and Royal Bank of Scotland servicing 2 scrum teams in Edinburgh, 1 in India, 1 in London and the banks marketing departments. A large scale project.

**Caliber Interactive (Lead Designer) October 2014 - April 2015**

I looked after the companies main accounts for clients in Edinburgh, London, Dubai and the U.S as there own design team had left the company. My role was to build trust with the clients and showcase my work while they worked to hire a new team. 

**Education Scotland (Senior Designer) July 2o14 - September 2014**

Re brand internal email communications output for 30 different campaigns, develop each campaign with the dot mailer platform, re design web blogs, create print materials for events and conferences

**The Lane (Senior Designer) June 2014 - June 2014 **

I was hired to produce a new e-commerce website for celebrity chef Nick Nairn which involved producing information architecture and digital brand development. I completed this project in one month ahead of schedule.

**Kana / Varient (Senior Designer) May 2014 - June 2014 **

Working with teams in USA and Netherlands on campaigns, wireframes and design concepts for desktop and mobile devices. Create intuitive user journeys and experiences for end users. Brand development for new software products. Create web features using  HTML5 and CSS3 production with Bootstrap 3 and Sass.

**The Zen Agency (Senior Designer) April 2014 - April 2014 **

My projects included rebranding two old websites for a bakery company and whiskey brand. 

**Equator (Senior Designer) March 2014 - March 2014 **

I was brought in to help work on the Tesco Bank account. I produced designs for a range of insurance products that Tesco offer. 

February 2014 I moved to Scotland and I did some work here and there for some small studios producing websites, branding, social media ideas.

**Etain Ltd (Senior front end developer) January 2013 - February 2014 **

I was responsible for all Front End Web development requirements building websites, responsive websites and mobile apps with  HTML 5, CSS 3 / SASS and Javascript mostly jQuery. Responsible for inspiring and helping junior developers learn new skills. Produce pixel perfect front end builds from PSD's.  Test all builds to ensure they meet web standards, cross browser compatible, graceful degrading in older browsers. Present work to both colleagues and clients.

**Argento Jewellery (Digital Designer) March 2010 - January 2013**

Design and create solutions for an e-commerce platform
  
Build prototypes and wireframes   
Test all potential web solutions with end users
  
Design and develop digital email campaigns   
HTML emails are coded from scratch from Photoshop PSD's
  
Integrate HTML templates with Mailchimp
  
Setup detailed reports on campaign performance using Google Analytics  
Extensively test emails in all known email clients using Litmus.   
Build Social media applications   
Create stand alone websites for competitions and brands.